So we looked at how to make requests.
I guess the other part is like
how to stub responses, right?
And we kind of saw that before and
it's not particularly surprising, right.
Like we can either give
it a JavaScript object or
we can reference a fixture right?
So if we think about for instance
like bring me to the correct Pokemon.
I could theoretically say not
only do I want the API but
no matter what we want all if it's a list.
I just want make sure that you took
whatever was from the response and
put it on the page as
you were supposed to.
I don't even need real data for this.
I'm like cool, just you took
what was in that JSON page load,
you did whatever formatting
you needed to do.
It got onto the page the way
it was supposed to, right.
I can actually, I don't necessarily
need a real server for that, right?
Get what you were supposed to get as
long as it adheres to the contract, and
we should be okay.
So let's do it in this one, maybe.
So it should render results to the page,
right?
And so in this case, I might choose to
have one where it's like, I don't know.
So we'll say, so
I've just called stubbed API
at this point because
I need to name stuff.
Where I might say, Pokemon search.
Slash API question mark star where
it's got the actual query params.
And it could be in the body.
You could do it all
sorts of different ways.
And we'll just take that array
of Pokemon that we had up there.
And that will now be whenever we hit this
endpoint which will say, as stubbed,
we will get back this
response no matter what.
I don't need that API
server to be running.
It might not be something I control.
Might not be something that
I can hit from my CICD.
Whatever it is like cool intercepted and
hit the request and
send me back this response.
So then with that in place
we'll go find that search.
And we'll type in something.
We've already have a different test
to make sure we're sending the right
payload, right.
Now we're trying to make sure
that we've triggered it.
And we're doing the right thing
when whatever comes back, right.
So they're slightly isolated
from each other, but
that's totally fine in my opinion.
And so it was which spring into
the route or have the correct Pokemon.
Let's see.
How do I wanna deal with this?
Should render results to the page.
Like I should probably see if there's
three of the things in my mock data.
What are these?
You can actually see that
it's my mock data, right?
Cuz I stubbed it in this case and
that's the last test.
It is the fake Bumblesaur charmer and
turtle, cuz I couldn't come
up with a clever name.
So I can do results has a length of three.
So it actually I sent you back three
responses, you rendered through the page.
I can verify that the first one is
the first one, so on and so forth.
But the other interesting part is,
there was no alias set on that intercept.
But this little empty dot here, instead
of the solid green dot that we had in
the previous test means
that it never went through.
Means that we intercepted it,
stopped it from going through.
And now we put in our own response,
as you can see in this case.
And you can see it on the page as well.
So we can kind of go in there and
get our own individual ones.
Cool, now save it.
So you can see it was called stabbed.
I just didn't save the file before.
But that empty circle means the fact
that it was in fact stubbed, Mark.
>> In what case should you use contains
versus should contain [INAUDIBLE].
>> You can probably just use
contains a lot of cases.
I think if I knew it was gonna stop
it contains, a lot of times I might,
if I'm gonna use an end or
something along those lines.
I think the should still lets me do an end
or have other assertions on it contains
is not it's gonna give me
a different result of the chain.
I'm pretty sure.
If it's like stopping out with just a
contains I usually like this comes down to
personal preference to be really honest.
It's about what am I intending, right.
If it's a one liner test or something that
is on the page I get that by reading it.
It helps me know that this
was my thought at the time.
It comes down to simply my
opinion personal preference
So ,we've got that typed in there.
We can see that it's stubbed now and
we get that response coming
back no matter what, right.
The other option is, we'll go ahead and
say hey,
if they go get poking on number one.
And this is now mostly just demonstrate.
So, if they go to get number one I
could use a regex as well for this.
And make sure it was a number
that we wanna give them back,
actually a fixture around Bulbasaur.
But we'll say,
if they're go looking for that,
this is a demonstrate how you would
use a fixture more than anything else.
Can simply type fixture and
then Bulbasaur.
And why this works is that they
have a file in the fixtures
directory named Bulbasaur dot JSON.
So there's no importing the file.
You could also just do an import
JSON with common JS and ES modules.
Definitely common JS, that thing's
obstructed probably as modules.
We should fact check that.
But, with the fixture,
we'll go read that JSON file.
And automatically put it back in place.
So I could say I'm gonna intercept that.
And we'll say as Bulbasaur
fixture just to demonstrate.
And then what was a code
results So what is this first one?
I don't really wanna do that.
So we'll do results.
Not gonna take a suggestion in this case.
Because that autogenerated
class is not helping me.
We'll say results A, got the first one.
And click on it You can see that it
filled in that fixture data, right?
So you can put in a JavaScript object,
you can have a fixture.
If the data is large you
almost always want a fixture.
If it's real small,
it's kind of up to you.
You could also see a world.
Like one of the things that I want
to build that we have not built yet
is like we have a bunch of fixtures for
temporal that actually set
the server up in different ways.
What I really wanna do is have
a weekly thing that basically updates
our fixtures based on real data.
So we're kind of like if something
changes are fixtures change.
Where I could see myself basically having
a Node script hitting the API requests.
Dumping those JSON files into a folder
in my Cypress like directory.
And so I'm working with
relatively like real data.
And so if the data changes I have new
fixtures which is something you could not
do if you had just an object in your code,
right.
So that's another part of what do you
use when that is maybe better
than if big put in JSON file.
If small put away you can see it.
Is like there are pieces around a fixture,
right.
The hard part though is like if
you actually care about that data,
you're not gonna get as much auto like
IntelliSense as if it was a JavaScript
object in the file.
So it's a trade off.
And it's just JavaScript trade offs and
not Cypress trade offs.
So you have a bunch of ways
to kind of mock in there.
And again, you'll see that if you code it
with a stub, that you get that kind of
hollowed out circle versus if it was
just something that you watched.
If I take off the only on here,
we should see a bunch of the other tests.
Wait for those to run.
If it went through solid green done.
If you stubbed it out or I'm sorry, if
you stopped the response then you'll get
a hollow.to signify that did not go
all the way through to the server.
But you also get to see all the URL
changes, and all the fetches and
get that kind of step by step view
of your code as you go through.